on the show on Fridays they had
debt-free Friday where people call in
they scream we're dead free there's
always no matter what a family that
calls in you know they're 35 years old
and the dad is on the phone
with Dave and he's you know talking
about the sacrifices they're making and
you know things like we didn't go out to
eat our friends were making fun of us
but Dave
we are completely debt-free we have no
payments
and we were here to call in to screen
that we are debt free and so dad will
say okay well who's on the phone with
you and he'll say it's my wife and my
three little kids you know I have a
one-year-old daughter a three-year-old
daughter and a seven-year-old son and
we're here together as a family we did
this as a family and we want to
celebrate right now and I don't say okay
count it down and they'll say three to
one and this whole little family these
little voices in the background come up
and they scream we're debt-free and
every time I hear that I can I do I get
emotional because I think I was that
little girl I mean that was me and I
just like when I go through the radio
and grab her and just say do you know
what your parents have done for you do
you know the legacy that they're like
they're leaving they made sacrifices I
mean you guys I grew up in consignment
sell clothing but my college fund was
funded and there are sacrifices you make
and you say no matter what I'm not gonna
be there and so that is the power of the
legacy that you get to change with this
one this one's statements because now I
will never know what it means to be
slave to the lender
not because I'm Dave Ramsey's daughter
you guys but because I just I was taught
this the knowledge I have now with my
husband whence I mean we are going
through life in our mid-20s and we're
together saying we're not gonna do that
we're not gonna be normal we're gonna go
on vacations that we can pay for they're
not gonna be extravagant right now and
we get that we're okay with that I'm not
gonna buy clothes I can't afford we're
gonna drive used cars like we're making
choices now for our kids change your
kids future by giving them the knowledge
that they do not have to be a slave to
the lender
you